## 💡 5 problems I've solved

1. A federation of 40+ London GP practices were restricted by **NHS** regulation and struggling with collaboration, communication, and project governance. In 2016, after thorough requirement gathering and a 3-phase build, my team delivered a bespoke private network and project management tool. It was only retired when the NHS rolled out MS Office in 2020.
2. **Arsenal FC** were looking to efficiently record and report match-day injuries. They thought they needed a bespoke data gathering and reporting system; instead, I created a simple workflow using existing free tools, which transformed their process and they still at every home game.
3. After being let down by a previous agency, travel-guide startup **CityBoard** had a barely-functioning iOS-only app, and little remaining runway. Under tight time and budget constraints, my team designed and delivered a beautiful, cross-platform MVP with newly-launched React Native.
4. Think-tank **The Business of Cities** needed a way or aggregating and analyzing indexes for their clients. Through novel use of the Elo rating algorithm, I created a methodology and tool which is _"critical to their work"_, providing insight to [cities across the world](https://www.thebusinessofcities.com/partners).
5. Traditional, premium butchers **Godfreys.co** had queues round the block and no online presence. I designed and project-managed a complete rebrand and award-winning eCommerce website that now brings in 30% of their revenue.
